README.md, before:

mega-client
===========

.NET 4.5 client library for the Mega API.
Available as a NuGet package: 2a486f72.Mega

The library consists of two layers:

1. A basic API messaging component that simply talks to Mega without understanding the message contents (Mega library).
1. A high-level client that exposes Mega entities as an object model (Mega.Client library).

For almost all purposes, you will want to use the high-level client.

Features
===========

* Fully asynchronous API.
* Designed for serving both UI code and non-UI code equally well.
* Hierarchical status reporting API for tasks and sub-tasks.
* Automatic reconnect and retry.
* Cancellation support for long-running operations.

Implementation status
===========

GOOD:

* Filesystem operations.
* File upload.
* File download.

BAD:

* Share functionality.
* Contact list functionality.

NONE:

* User registration/invitation.
* Share URL creation.

Usage
===========

The automated tests give you a good idea of how this library can be used. Here is an example snippet that simply downloads the biggest file in your cloud filesystem, without reporting any status to a UI:

```CS
	public async Task DownloadBiggestFile(string target)
	{
		var client = new MegaClient("myaccount@example.com", "MySecretPassword123");
		
		var filesystem = await client.GetFilesystemSnapshotAsync();
		
		// Select the biggest file in the entire filesystem, no matter where it is located in the tree.
		var file = snapshot.AllItems
			.Where(i => i.Type == ItemType.File)
			.OrderByDescending(i => i.Size.Value)
			.FirstOrDefault();
		
		if (file == null)
			throw new Exception("There are no files in your account.");

		await file.DownloadContentsAsync(target);
	}
```

Automated tests
===========

The project comes with an automated test suite that tests both stand-alone pieces of functionality (e.g. crypto) and high-level client functionality (e.g. file upload/download).

The test data is included and tests accounts are automatically populated with the relevant data. All you need to do is to create a file called MegaAccounts.json in your Documents folder. This file should include credentials for two Mega accounts to use for testing. The file format is shown below.

	{
		"Email1" : "megatest1@example.com",
		"Password1" : "password1",
		"Email2" : "megatest2@example.com",
		"Password2" : "password2"
	}

Commit message:

Added note about slow tests

README.md, after:

mega-client
===========

.NET 4.5 client library for the Mega API.
Available as a NuGet package: 2a486f72.Mega

The library consists of two layers:

1. A basic API messaging component that simply talks to Mega without understanding the message contents (Mega library).
1. A high-level client that exposes Mega entities as an object model (Mega.Client library).

For almost all purposes, you will want to use the high-level client.

Features
===========

* Fully asynchronous API.
* Designed for serving both UI code and non-UI code equally well.
* Hierarchical status reporting API for tasks and sub-tasks.
* Automatic reconnect and retry.
* Cancellation support for long-running operations.

Implementation status
===========

GOOD:

* Filesystem operations.
* File upload.
* File download.

BAD:

* Share functionality.
* Contact list functionality.

NONE:

* User registration/invitation.
* Share URL creation.

Usage
===========

The automated tests give you a good idea of how this library can be used. Here is an example snippet that simply downloads the biggest file in your cloud filesystem, without reporting any status to a UI:

```CS
	public async Task DownloadBiggestFile(string target)
	{
		var client = new MegaClient("myaccount@example.com", "MySecretPassword123");
		
		var filesystem = await client.GetFilesystemSnapshotAsync();
		
		// Select the biggest file in the entire filesystem, no matter where it is located in the tree.
		var file = snapshot.AllItems
			.Where(i => i.Type == ItemType.File)
			.OrderByDescending(i => i.Size.Value)
			.FirstOrDefault();
		
		if (file == null)
			throw new Exception("There are no files in your account.");

		await file.DownloadContentsAsync(target);
	}
```

Automated tests
===========

The project comes with an automated test suite that tests both stand-alone pieces of functionality (e.g. crypto) and high-level client functionality (e.g. file upload/download).

Note that some of the tests are very slow (marked with the "Slow" category) because they are intended to test the transfer of a large amount of data. In addition to pure bandwidth concerns, the Mega API is also very aggressive about slowing you down, so you probably will not be able to even use your full bandwidth - the rate limiting kicks in very fast.

The test data is included and tests accounts are automatically populated with the relevant data. All you need to do is to create a file called MegaAccounts.json in your Documents folder. This file should include credentials for two Mega accounts to use for testing. The file format is shown below.

	{
		"Email1" : "megatest1@example.com",
		"Password1" : "password1",
		"Email2" : "megatest2@example.com",
		"Password2" : "password2"
	}
